Doc 264 glossary (#1393)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/glossary.adoc

Near cache:: A caching model where an object retrieved from a remote member is put into the local cache and the future requests made to this object will be handled by this local member.
NoSQL:: "Not Only SQL". A database model that provides a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data that is tailored in means other than the tabular relations used in relational databases. It is a type of database which does not adhere to the traditional relational database management system (RDMS) structure. It is not built on tables and does not employ SQL to manipulate data. It also may not provide full ACID guarantees, but still has a distributed and fault-tolerant architecture.
OIDC:: OpenID Connect provider.
OOME:: Out of Memory Error.
Operator:: Hazelcast Platform Operator simplifies working with Hazelcast clusters on Kubernetes and Red Hat OpenShift by eliminating the need for manual deployment and life-cycle management.
OSGI:: Formerly known as the Open Services Gateway initiative, it describes a modular system and a service platform for the Java programming language that implements a complete and dynamic component model.

> PaaS:: Platform as a Service is a descriptive term for one type of cloud-based service offering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PaaS:: Platform as a Service is a cloud-based service offering in which the vendor provides hardware resources (as in IaaS), operating systems and management tools, and the customer provides the application software.
```
